README.md, before:

<p align="center">
     <img src=".github/readme-logo.png" alt="ClamAV GUI" width="150" height="150">
</p>
<h1 align="center">ArsenTech's <a href="https://www.clamav.net/">ClamAV</a> GUI</h3>
<p align="center">A minimal, open-source GUI for <a href="https://www.clamav.net/">ClamAV Antivirus</a> that makes the Antivirus itself look professional and work exactly like ClamAV (A FOSS CLI Antivirus)</p>
<p align="center">
     <a href="https://github.com/ArsenTech/clamav-gui/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&template=bug_report.md&title=">Report bug</a>
     &nbsp;&middot;&nbsp;
     <a href="https://github.com/ArsenTech/clamav-gui/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&template=feature_request.md&title=">Request Feature</a>
</p>

![version][version-shield]
[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![downloads][downloads-shield]][downloads-url]
[![project_license][license-shield]][license-url]

[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
[![build-status][status-shield]][status-url]
![commits since latest release][commits-since-shield]
![GitHub Created At][created-at-shield]
![GitHub repo size][repo-size-shield]

<details>
     <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
     <ol>
          <li>
               <a href="#about">About</a>
               <ul>
                    <li><a href="#features">Features</a></li>
                    <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
                    <li><a href="#download">Download</a></li>
               </ul>
          </li>
          <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
          <li><a href="#versioning">Versioning</a></li>
          <li>
               <a href="#contributing">Contributing</a>
               <ul>
                    <li><a href="#top-contributors">Top Contributors</a></li>
               </ul>
          </li>
          <li><a href="#star-history">Star History</a></li>
          <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
     </ol>
</details>

<!-- TODO: Remove the warning once the ClamAV is Implemented -->
> [!IMPORTANT]
> The first pre-release is mostly focused on UI design meaning that it won't work. The ClamAV implementation will be implemented in future versions making the GUI work as a wrapper of ClamAV. The ClamAV GUI is still in the development

## About
**ArsenTech's ClamAV GUI** is a minimal, open-source interface for file scanning and threat detection that makes the Antivirus itself look professional and work exactly like ClamAV (A FOSS CLI Antivirus).

Built with Tauri, React, and modern desktop and web tools. This software is provided as-is. No data is collected or transmitted. This GUI uses ClamAV's clamscan engine. Scan types are presets that define which locations and which limits are used.
### Features
- **State-gated UI** - Detects the ClamAV installation path before launching the software
- **Real-Time Performance Stats** - CPU, RAM Usage, and Disk Usage Stats all without leaving the GUI
- **Main and Full Scan** - Scan the entire device for malicious files and malware
- **Custom and File Scan** - Scan the mentioned folder / file for malware
- **Definitions Updater** - Update the definitions database directly from the GUI
<!-- TODO: Write the Features list -->

### Built With
- [![Tauri][tauri-shield]][tauri-url]
- [![React][react-shield]][react-url]
- [![ShadCN UI][shadcn-shield]][shadcn-url]
- [![Tailwind CSS][tailwind-shield]][tailwind-url]
- [![Typescript][typescript-shield]][typescript-url]
- [![Vite][vite-shield]][vite-url]
- [![Rust][rust-shield]][rust-url]
- [![React Router][react-router-shield]][react-router-url]
### Download
You can find the latest stable version of the ClamAV GUI right here

[![GitHub Downloads (all assets, latest release)][download-shield]][download-url]

## Usage
<!-- TODO: Write the Usage Guide on the docs/ -->

## Versioning
This website follows [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/). You can view the full [Changelog][changelog-url] for details on each website version.

## Contributing
Contributions are Always Welcome! Please read both [Code of Conduct][code-of-conduct-url] and [CONTRIBUTING.md][contributing-url] before contributing.
### Top Contributors
[![Top Contributors][top-contributors]][contributors-url]

## Star History
[![Star History Chart][star-history-chart]][star-history-url]

## License
<!-- TODO: Add the license -->

## Support And Follow
[![YouTube][yt-shield]][yt-url]
[![Patreon][patreon-shield]][patreon-url]
[![Codepen][codepen-shield]][codepen-url]
[![DeviantArt][deviantart-shield]][deviantart-url]
[![Odysee][odysee-shield]][odysee-url]
[![Scratch][scratch-shield]][scratch-url]

> GitHub [@ArsenTech][github-url] &nbsp;&middot;&nbsp;
> YouTube [@ArsenTech][yt-url] &nbsp;&middot;&nbsp;
> Patreon [ArsenTech][patreon-url] &nbsp;&middot;&nbsp;
> [ArsenTech's Website][website-url]

<!-- Markdown Links -->
[star-history-chart]: https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=ArsenTech/clamav-gui&type=Date
[star-history-url]: https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=ArsenTech/clamav-gui&type=Date
[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/ArsenTech/clamav-gui.svg?style=for-the-badge&color=%2322b455
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/ArsenTech/clamav-gui/graphs/contributors
[top-contributors]: https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=ArsenTech/clamav-gui
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/ArsenTech/clamav-gui.svg?style=for-the-badge&color=%2322b455
[forks-url]: https://github.com/ArsenTech/clamav-gui/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/ArsenTech/clamav-gui.svg?style=for-the-badge&color=%2322b455
[stars-url]: https://github.com/ArsenTech/clamav-gui/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/ArsenTech/clamav-gui.svg?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/ArsenTech/clamav-gui/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/ArsenTech/clamav-gui?color=%2322b455&style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://github.com/ArsenTech/clamav-gui/blob/main/LICENSE.md
[version-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/package-json/v/ArsenTech/clamav-gui?style=for-the-badge
[downloads-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/ArsenTech/clamav-gui/total?style=for-the-badge&label=Total%20Downloads&color=%2322b455
[downloads-url]:https://github.com/ArsenTech/clamav-gui/releases
[status-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/ArsenTech/clamav-gui/main.yml?style=for-the-badge&color=%2322b455
[status-url]: https://github.com/ArsenTech/clamav-gui/actions/workflows/main.yml
[commits-since-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/commits-since/ArsenTech/clamav-gui/latest?style=for-the-badge&color=%2322b455&label=Commits%20since%20latest%20version
[created-at-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/created-at/ArsenTech/clamav-gui?style=for-the-badge
[repo-size-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/ArsenTech/clamav-gui?style=for-the-badge
[download-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/ArsenTech/clamav-gui/latest/total?style=for-the-badge&label=Download&color=%2322b455
[download-url]: https://github.com/ArsenTech/clamav-gui/releases/latest
[code-of-conduct-url]: https://github.com/ArsenTech/clamav-gui/blob/main/docs/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
[contributing-url]: https://github.com/ArsenTech/clamav-gui/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md
[changelog-url]: https://github.com/ArsenTech/clamav-gui/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md
[website-url]: https://arsentech.github.io

<!-- Languages -->
[tauri-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Tauri-FFC131?style=for-the-badge&logo=Tauri&logoColor=white
[tauri-url]: https://tauri.app/
[react-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB
[react-url]: https://react.dev/
[shadcn-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/shadcn%2Fui-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=shadcnui&logoColor=white
[shadcn-url]: https://ui.shadcn.com/
[tailwind-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white
[tailwind-url]: https://tailwindcss.com/
[typescript-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white
[typescript-url]: https://www.typescriptlang.org/
[vite-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Vite-B73BFE?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=FFD62E
[vite-url]: https://vite.dev/
[rust-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Rust-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=rust&logoColor=white
[rust-url]: https://rust-lang.org/
[react-router-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Router-CA4245?style=for-the-badge&logo=react-router&logoColor=white
[react-router-url]: https://reactrouter.com

<!-- External Links -->
[yt-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/ArsenTech%20-222222.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=YouTube&logoColor=%23FF0000
[yt-url]:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrtH0g6NE8tW5VIEgDySYtg
[patreon-shield]:https://img.shields.io/badge/-ArsenTech-222222?style=for-the-badge&logo=patreon&logoColor=white
[patreon-url]:https://www.patreon.com/ArsenTech
[codepen-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-ArsenTech-222222?style=for-the-badge&logo=codepen&logoColor=white
[codepen-url]: https://codepen.io/ArsenTech
[deviantart-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-Arsen2005-222222?style=for-the-badge&logo=deviantart&logoColor=05cc46
[deviantart-url]: https://www.deviantart.com/arsen2005
[odysee-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-ArsenTech-222222?style=for-the-badge&logo=odysee&logoColor=FA9626
[odysee-url]: https://odysee.com/@ArsenTech
[scratch-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-ArsenTech-222222?style=for-the-badge&logo=scratch&logoColor=orange
[scratch-url]: https://scratch.mit.edu/users/ArsenTech/
[github-url]: https://github.com/ArsenTech

Commit message:

Added Scan Resolve Logic + Quarantine Page Logic (CRUD)

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
     <img src=".github/readme-logo.png" alt="ClamAV GUI" width="150" height="150">
</p>
<h1 align="center">ArsenTech's <a href="https://www.clamav.net/">ClamAV</a> GUI</h3>
<p align="center">A minimal, open-source GUI for <a href="https://www.clamav.net/">ClamAV Antivirus</a> that makes the Antivirus itself look professional and work exactly like ClamAV (A FOSS CLI Antivirus)</p>
<p align="center">
     <a href="https://github.com/ArsenTech/clamav-gui/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&template=bug_report.md&title=">Report bug</a>
     &nbsp;&middot;&nbsp;
     <a href="https://github.com/ArsenTech/clamav-gui/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&template=feature_request.md&title=">Request Feature</a>
</p>

![version][version-shield]
[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![downloads][downloads-shield]][downloads-url]
[![project_license][license-shield]][license-url]

[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
[![build-status][status-shield]][status-url]
![commits since latest release][commits-since-shield]
![GitHub Created At][created-at-shield]
![GitHub repo size][repo-size-shield]

<details>
     <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
     <ol>
          <li>
               <a href="#about">About</a>
               <ul>
                    <li><a href="#features">Features</a></li>
                    <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
                    <li><a href="#download">Download</a></li>
               </ul>
          </li>
          <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
          <li><a href="#versioning">Versioning</a></li>
          <li>
               <a href="#contributing">Contributing</a>
               <ul>
                    <li><a href="#top-contributors">Top Contributors</a></li>
               </ul>
          </li>
          <li><a href="#star-history">Star History</a></li>
          <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
     </ol>
</details>

<!-- TODO: Remove the warning once the ClamAV is Implemented -->
> [!IMPORTANT]
> The first pre-release is mostly focused on UI design meaning that it won't work. The ClamAV implementation will be implemented in future versions making the GUI work as a wrapper of ClamAV. The ClamAV GUI is still in the development

## About
**ArsenTech's ClamAV GUI** is a minimal, open-source interface for file scanning and threat detection that makes the Antivirus itself look professional and work exactly like ClamAV (A FOSS CLI Antivirus).

Built with Tauri, React, and modern desktop and web tools. This software is provided as-is. No data is collected or transmitted. This GUI uses ClamAV's clamscan engine. Scan types are presets that define which locations and which limits are used.
### Features
- **State-gated UI** - Detects the ClamAV installation path before launching the software
- **Real-Time Performance Stats** - CPU, RAM Usage, and Disk Usage Stats all without leaving the GUI
- **Main and Full Scan** - Scan the entire device for malicious files and malware
- **Custom and File Scan** - Scan the mentioned folder / file for malware
- **Resolving infected files after scan** - It includes **Quarantine**, **Delete**, and **Mark as safe**
- **Definitions Updater** - Update the definitions database directly from the GUI
- **Quarantine** - Manage infected threats after scanning
<!-- TODO: Write the Features list -->

### Built With
- [![Tauri][tauri-shield]][tauri-url]
- [![React][react-shield]][react-url]
- [![ShadCN UI][shadcn-shield]][shadcn-url]
- [![Tailwind CSS][tailwind-shield]][tailwind-url]
- [![Typescript][typescript-shield]][typescript-url]
- [![Vite][vite-shield]][vite-url]
- [![Rust][rust-shield]][rust-url]
- [![React Router][react-router-shield]][react-router-url]
### Download
You can find the latest stable version of the ClamAV GUI right here

[![GitHub Downloads (all assets, latest release)][download-shield]][download-url]

## Usage
<!-- TODO: Write the Usage Guide on the docs/ -->

## Versioning
This website follows [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/). You can view the full [Changelog][changelog-url] for details on each website version.

## Contributing
Contributions are Always Welcome! Please read both [Code of Conduct][code-of-conduct-url] and [CONTRIBUTING.md][contributing-url] before contributing.
### Top Contributors
[![Top Contributors][top-contributors]][contributors-url]

## Star History
[![Star History Chart][star-history-chart]][star-history-url]

## License
<!-- TODO: Add the license -->

## Support And Follow
[![YouTube][yt-shield]][yt-url]
[![Patreon][patreon-shield]][patreon-url]
[![Codepen][codepen-shield]][codepen-url]
[![DeviantArt][deviantart-shield]][deviantart-url]
[![Odysee][odysee-shield]][odysee-url]
[![Scratch][scratch-shield]][scratch-url]

> GitHub [@ArsenTech][github-url] &nbsp;&middot;&nbsp;
> YouTube [@ArsenTech][yt-url] &nbsp;&middot;&nbsp;
> Patreon [ArsenTech][patreon-url] &nbsp;&middot;&nbsp;
> [ArsenTech's Website][website-url]

<!-- Markdown Links -->
[star-history-chart]: https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=ArsenTech/clamav-gui&type=Date
[star-history-url]: https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=ArsenTech/clamav-gui&type=Date
[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/ArsenTech/clamav-gui.svg?style=for-the-badge&color=%2322b455
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/ArsenTech/clamav-gui/graphs/contributors
[top-contributors]: https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=ArsenTech/clamav-gui
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/ArsenTech/clamav-gui.svg?style=for-the-badge&color=%2322b455
[forks-url]: https://github.com/ArsenTech/clamav-gui/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/ArsenTech/clamav-gui.svg?style=for-the-badge&color=%2322b455
[stars-url]: https://github.com/ArsenTech/clamav-gui/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/ArsenTech/clamav-gui.svg?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/ArsenTech/clamav-gui/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/ArsenTech/clamav-gui?color=%2322b455&style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://github.com/ArsenTech/clamav-gui/blob/main/LICENSE.md
[version-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/package-json/v/ArsenTech/clamav-gui?style=for-the-badge
[downloads-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/ArsenTech/clamav-gui/total?style=for-the-badge&label=Total%20Downloads&color=%2322b455
[downloads-url]:https://github.com/ArsenTech/clamav-gui/releases
[status-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/ArsenTech/clamav-gui/main.yml?style=for-the-badge&color=%2322b455
[status-url]: https://github.com/ArsenTech/clamav-gui/actions/workflows/main.yml
[commits-since-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/commits-since/ArsenTech/clamav-gui/latest?style=for-the-badge&color=%2322b455&label=Commits%20since%20latest%20version
[created-at-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/created-at/ArsenTech/clamav-gui?style=for-the-badge
[repo-size-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/ArsenTech/clamav-gui?style=for-the-badge
[download-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/ArsenTech/clamav-gui/latest/total?style=for-the-badge&label=Download&color=%2322b455
[download-url]: https://github.com/ArsenTech/clamav-gui/releases/latest
[code-of-conduct-url]: https://github.com/ArsenTech/clamav-gui/blob/main/docs/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
[contributing-url]: https://github.com/ArsenTech/clamav-gui/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md
[changelog-url]: https://github.com/ArsenTech/clamav-gui/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md
[website-url]: https://arsentech.github.io

<!-- Languages -->
[tauri-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Tauri-FFC131?style=for-the-badge&logo=Tauri&logoColor=white
[tauri-url]: https://tauri.app/
[react-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB
[react-url]: https://react.dev/
[shadcn-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/shadcn%2Fui-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=shadcnui&logoColor=white
[shadcn-url]: https://ui.shadcn.com/
[tailwind-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white
[tailwind-url]: https://tailwindcss.com/
[typescript-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white
[typescript-url]: https://www.typescriptlang.org/
[vite-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Vite-B73BFE?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=FFD62E
[vite-url]: https://vite.dev/
[rust-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Rust-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=rust&logoColor=white
[rust-url]: https://rust-lang.org/
[react-router-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Router-CA4245?style=for-the-badge&logo=react-router&logoColor=white
[react-router-url]: https://reactrouter.com

<!-- External Links -->
[yt-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/ArsenTech%20-222222.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=YouTube&logoColor=%23FF0000
[yt-url]:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrtH0g6NE8tW5VIEgDySYtg
[patreon-shield]:https://img.shields.io/badge/-ArsenTech-222222?style=for-the-badge&logo=patreon&logoColor=white
[patreon-url]:https://www.patreon.com/ArsenTech
[codepen-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-ArsenTech-222222?style=for-the-badge&logo=codepen&logoColor=white
[codepen-url]: https://codepen.io/ArsenTech
[deviantart-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-Arsen2005-222222?style=for-the-badge&logo=deviantart&logoColor=05cc46
[deviantart-url]: https://www.deviantart.com/arsen2005
[odysee-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-ArsenTech-222222?style=for-the-badge&logo=odysee&logoColor=FA9626
[odysee-url]: https://odysee.com/@ArsenTech
[scratch-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-ArsenTech-222222?style=for-the-badge&logo=scratch&logoColor=orange
[scratch-url]: https://scratch.mit.edu/users/ArsenTech/
[github-url]: https://github.com/ArsenTech
